index.md, before:

---
layout: home
title: Student Portfolio
---

Follow along online with our [Zoom Session for the Tuesday 1 April Class.](https://us02web.zoom.us/j/89801627815?pwd=50OLJZQrdI3hsAsckgiUSlKeWFncLl.1) 

This site is a simple portfolio template for students to showcase their work, 
projects, and interests. It is built using Jekyll and hosted on GitHub Pages.
The template is designed to be easy to customize and adapt to your own style.

To get started with your own portfoilio, you can either [create a new Github repo 
and setup Github Pages](./howto), or you can [fork this repo](https://github.com/league-curriculum/Portfolio-jekyll-barebones)
and edit the files  with your own content.

One of my favorite projects is a [simple dino jump game I
created](./html/dino.html). It's a browser-based game where a pixelated dinosaur
leaps over obstacles to score points. While the concept is straightforward, I
enjoyed the challenge of implementing smooth animations and responsive controls.
It was a fun way to practice JavaScript and game design principles.

In my free time, I also enjoy baking, and my favorite recipe is for [homemade
focaccia](./html/focaccia.html). The process of kneading the dough and infusing it with olive oil,
rosemary, and sea salt is incredibly satisfying. The result is a golden, fluffy
bread that's perfect for sharing with friends or enjoying as a snack.

# Posts

Commit message:

Remove outdated posts and how-to guides; update index and team pages for Summer 2025; add new posts for upcoming meetups; implement new footer and posts list layout.

index.md, after:

---
layout: home
title: League Labs
---

League Labs is the introductory internship program for the League of Amazing
Programmers. Interns in the League Labs program study a topic related to
programming or computer science, develop a short class and teach the class to
other students. For details on the prgram and to apply for the next cohort please
visit the [League Labs page at our main website. ](https://www.jointheleague.org/coding-programs/league-labs/)

To fully participate in the League Labs program, you will need to apply at the main League Labs
web page, be a member of the [Google group](https://groups.google.com/a/jointheleague.org/g/labs), and
join the Discord server. Contact Eric Busboom if you think you should have access to the group or 
Discord server and do not. 

## Teams

For Summer 2025, the Teams are: 

| Team Name | Discord Channel |
|-----------|-----------------|
| [AI and Neural Nets](teams/nnfs) | [#ai-nnfs](https://discord.com/channels/1370858718069260399/1374205960956149761)  |
| [Python](teams/python) | [#python](https://discord.com/channels/1370858718069260399/1376691813196365964) |
| [CS & Unplugged](teams/csunplugged) | [#csunplugged](https://discord.com/channels/1370858718069260399/1376691724377788506) |
| [Data, ML & Statistics](teams/datastats) | [#data-stats](https://discord.com/channels/1370858718069260399/1376691889159278662) |
